in there this is coordinator 601 and
today i'll be doing another gundam model
review today i'll be doing the one to
100 scale master grade chin moves a
Gundam from the video games dynasty
warriors gundam one and two four colors
well there's black frosty gold white
great for the joints and a reddit red
orange colored the box like the box
pictures so that it's red but in the
actual pieces are red orange just
pointing that out articulation actually
you know I'll go to sticker stickers the
eyes are stickers this orange camera on
the forehead is a sticker these side
pieces on the header stickers too and
now articulation head will rotate 360 go
up and down or jump backwards and a
little bit set aside our missus will go
forwards and backwards and then the
shoulders shoulder armor separate and
also the shield can move up like that
and extend out a little bit and let you
know move around wiggle um the arms
since the sheet the show and like move
up can move up pretty far as well the
armless also rotate both the shoulder
and bend let's two points on the elbow
the wrist can bend like that and rotate
360 thumb is on a ball-joint index
finger is on a ball-joint these three
fingers are how do I sit together and
but you can separate them the algorithm
can move a little bit torso goes
forwards and backwards side to side and
can rotate like tap for but not 360
front skirt can go up but not that far
did it go they can go up pretty far and
then they have this gimmick
this quasi gimmick were like the fun
skirts can spend like a cloth I like how
the editor that's a nice feature side
skirts go no internal BB and little side
to side litter boxes can go in and out
very nice legs can go that far forward
step forward backward um they're double
22 the legs so you could get like a
double to expand but then you have to
bend it in a certain way otherwise if
you bend it like in a different way this
black piece here will pop off and you
know let's I could get irritating
sometimes the ankle card moves up and
down be in Kosovo like side to side and
forwards and backwards and the feet will
go up and down side to side and then no
the toefl move I like how they have the
Pistons over here see those Pistons I
like how they have those those are very
nice detail um for weapons it has this
cut corner so very nice katana I like
the detail chrome blade yep it's not as
long as the jabber spray from the red
frame but it's still very nice goes into
the side skull like that look at all
these weapons have names but I can't
remember them all um it has this
three-pronged spear a very nice chrome
blade too and then I like the detail
with the gold um to attach it you got to
take off this bottom piece and then
stick it into this part of the backpack
oh that I mentioned it thrusters on the
backpack move soon again again very nice
detail yup and then
this naginata I know I know it's called
naginata I look it up to naginata nah
not a halberd um again very nice detail
so play this chrome and then it has to
brown pieces and one red orange and lock
some gold very nice has great detail
just clicks on to the backpack on this
side but then it's like not a sick here
um and then it has this beam I think I
think it's a beam rifle but i'm not sure
i know so it's meant to be a rifle oh
man this is the thing with the most
stickers on the model but yeah it's nice
it's like it's like an old-fashioned
rifle just clips on out here to the back
back back um I think this model the UM
is the only master date I've seen that
doesn't have an opening cockpit because
in the video game it doesn't have a
pilot until the second game where that
game kangin um guy is the pilot went the
1st Tennessee where is Gundam game there
is no pilot for this it's just like a
living mobile suit or something another
thing have to point out with this model
is the inner frame our muses the parts
from the master degradative um Gundam
rx-78 to version ka and in the arm rx-78
to version 1.5 so I like how it like I
kind of like how they did that but at
the same time I don't like it because my
lights because it's resourceful like you
know they know how to reuse parts but
then um I don't like it because it kind
of like it's like I know those are the
older models and don't have a don't have
was good at articulating as a new ones
and adding all this armor only on
hinders that articulation this is a
great articulation but I think it could
have been better if they use like if
they made this I'm an original frame for
the solution
oh you can see like those decals over
here and what not all in all I really
would recommend this model it's a great
model it was water fun to build so yeah
I'll stop there for now see you next
review